Deployment preview documentation (#2964)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/releases/2023-03/deployment-previews.mdx

---

> date: 2023-03-03

Reviewer: Just updating ahead of the release for Monday:
```suggestion
date: 2023-03-06
```

Reviewer 2: @Anshuman71 This needs to be updated as well.

title: Custom Applications deployment previews
description: Introducing deployment previews for Custom Applications.

> type: announcement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
type: feature
```

topics:
  - Merchant Center
  - Configuration
---

Custom Applications now let you generate [deployment previews](/concepts/deployment-previews), where you can test new features without affecting the production version of your application.

> If you're using the [legacy workaround](/help-needed#legacy-workaround) by creating multiple Custom Applications with different entry points, we recommend migrating to deployment previews for a better developer experience with less maintenance, where you only need to configure one Custom Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the [legacy workaround](/help-needed#legacy-workaround) of creating multiple Custom Applications with different entry points, we recommend migrating to deployment previews. They provide a better developer experience with less maintenance since you only need to configure one Custom Application.
```

Reviewer 2: @Anshuman71 What about this suggestion? ⬆️

> If you're using the [legacy workaround](../help-needed#legacy-workaround) by creating multiple Custom Applications with different entry points, we recommend migrating to deployment previews for a better developer experience with less maintenance, where you only need to configure one Custom Application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using the [legacy workaround](/help-needed#legacy-workaround) by creating multiple Custom Applications with different entry points, we recommend migrating to deployment previews for a better developer experience with less maintenance, where you only need to configure one Custom Application.
```
